Welcome back!
Estos son unas frases que tú tienes que
saber para que te puedan ayudar,
facilitar que tu expreses tus ideas, como
para que tú puedas introducirlas y las
puedas desarrollar mucho más fácil.
Entonces, vamos a la primera.
A long time ago, a long time ago, I used
to live in the city.
Well, well, well, that is all I have to say.
I would like to know.
Well, I would like to know.
Well, I would like to know if the project
is still on.
I don't think that.
I don't think that it is a good idea.
That is to say, we should be more careful.
I mean, it wasn't what we expected.
I have an accident tomorrow.
I was going to do.
I was going to do the homework, but I
fell asleep.
I was, I was.
I was very shy when I was a child.
I didn't know.
I didn't know there was another meeting today.
Yesterday, I didn't want to.
Yesterday, I didn't want to go out
because it was raining.
So that it isn't.
So that it isn't difficult, let's do it
step by step.
But what I wanted to say, pero lo que yo
quería decir o lo que quería decir era
tal, tal cosa.
Ok, example.
I want to know what you think about the project.
Tell me what you need for tomorrow.
If I were Valeria, si yo fuera Valeria, I
would take a break.
Yo tomaría un descanso.
If I were Valeria, I would take a break.
I want, I want, I want to learn how to
play the guitar because I don't know how
to do it.
I can't start because I don't know how to
do it.
Because when, because when, because when
I study, I focus better.
I want to be better every day.
Excuse me please, excuse me please,
excuse me please, I need to get through
several times.
I've tried that several times.
Many times, many times.
I've been to that place many times.
Sometimes, I go for a walk in the afternoon.
Once in a while, once in a while, once in
a while, I like to read poetry.
Some people, some people prefer coffee
without sugar.
For example, for example, for example.
I agree with your point of view.
I don't agree with that decision.
Yes, of course.
Do you want help?
I don't understand, I don't understand, I
don't understand, I don't understand how
this works.
What do you mean?
What do you mean by that?
However, however, however, however, we
need another option.
Thank you.
First of all, I want to thank you.
I don't believe that, I don't believe
that, I don't believe that, I don't
believe that is true.
I believe that, I believe that, I believe
that, I believe that we can, I believe
that we can do it.
What I meant, what I meant is you should
have more children.
What do you want me to do?
You have to practice it in your spaced
repetition tool and also that you use it
so that it can be recorded much easier
and that the brain has the neural
connections it needs.
So that was all for these unlockers, this
is how they are called, unlockers.
And remember that we are going to the
next lesson after you see it a few times.